"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"It always seems impossible until it's done." - Nelson Mandela
"You have power over your mind - not outside events. Realize this, and you will find strength." - Marcus Aurelius
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"With the new day comes new strength and new thoughts." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Do not wait to strike till the iron is hot; but make it hot by striking." - William Butler Yeats
"We know what we are, but know not what we may be." - William Shakespeare
"To succeed in life, you need two things: ignorance and confidence." - Mark Twain
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." - Robert F. Kennedy
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"I think it's possible for ordinary people to choose to be extraordinary." - Elon Musk
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." - Confucius
"Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall." - Confucius
"Everything you’ve ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful." - Albert Schweitzer
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." - William James
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine—and shadows will fall behind you." - Walt Whitman
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"You miss 100% of the shots you don’t take." - Wayne Gretzky
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas A. Edison
"The best time to plant a tree was 20 years ago. The second best time is now." - Chinese Proverb
"Everything you can imagine is real." - Pablo Picasso
"What we think, we become." - Buddha
"Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it." - Charles R. Swindoll
"In order to succeed, we must first believe that we can." - Nikos Kazantzakis
"Don’t watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." - Mark Twain
"It’s not whether you get knocked down, it’s whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - Les Brown
"Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence." - Helen Keller
"Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." - Roy T. Bennett
"Instead of wondering when your next vacation is, maybe you should set up a life you don’t need to escape from." - Seth Godin
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." - Walter Elliot
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." - Sam Levenson
"You just can't beat the person who never gives up." - Babe Ruth
"There is no substitute for hard work." - Thomas Edison
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." - Zig Ziglar
"Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible." - Tony Robbins
"The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary." - Vidal Sassoon
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." - Walt Disney
"The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." - Winston Churchill
"Don't let yesterday take up too much of today." - Will Rogers
"You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character." - Unknown
"It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up." - Vince Lombardi
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don't have to be pushed. The vision pulls you." - Steve Jobs
"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do." - Rob Siltanen
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." - Og Mandino
"Entrepreneurs are great at dealing with uncertainty and also very good at minimizing risk. That’s the classic entrepreneur." - Mohnish Pabrai
"We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated." - Maya Angelou
"Knowing is not enough; we must apply. Wishing is not enough; we must do." - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
"Imagine your life is perfect in every respect; what would it look like?" - Brian Tracy
"We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action." - Dr. Henry Link
"Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right." - Henry Ford
"Security is mostly a superstition. Life is either a daring adventure or nothing." - Helen Keller
"The man who has confidence in himself gains the confidence of others." - Hasidic Proverb
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"Creativity is intelligence having fun." - Albert Einstein
"What you lack in talent can be made up with desire, hustle and giving 110% all the time." - Don Zimmer
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." - Theodore Roosevelt
"You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." - A.A. Milne
"Develop an ‘Attitude of Gratitude’. Say thank you to everyone you meet for everything they do for you." - Brian Tracy
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." - C.S. Lewis
"To see what is right and not do it is a lack of courage." - Confucius
"Reading is to the mind, as exercise is to the body." - Brian Tracy
"Fake it until you make it! Act as if you had all the confidence you require until it becomes your reality." - Brian Tracy
"The future belongs to the competent. Get good, get better, be the best!" - Brian Tracy
"For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded." - Jack Canfield
"Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out." - John Wooden
"A room without books is like a body without a soul." - Marcus Tullius Cicero
"I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions." - Stephen Covey
"Our lives begin to end the day we become silent about things that matter." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Do not go where the path may lead, go instead where there is no path and leave a trail." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." - Zig Ziglar
"I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have." - Thomas Jefferson
"The only way to achieve the impossible is to believe it is possible." - Charles Kingsleigh
"It's not the size of the dog in the fight, it's the size of the fight in the dog." - Mark Twain
"The secret of success is to do the common thing uncommonly well." - John D. Rockefeller Jr.
"You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them." - Michael Jordan
"Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going." - Jim Ryun
"People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing." - Dale Carnegie
"There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul." - Ella Wheeler Wilcox
"Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter." - Francis Chan
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it." - Unknown
"Dream bigger. Do bigger." - Unknown
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done." - Unknown
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction." - Unknown
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." - Unknown
"Little things make big days." - Unknown
"It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible." - Unknown
"Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it." - Unknown
"Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths." - Unknown
"The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." - Unknown
"Dream it. Believe it. Build it." - Unknown
